When you sign into figment getting started creating a new file is as easy as clicking one of these three
buttons here but you may have multiple files that you want to be grouped into one project.
So to get started creating a new project you first have to click on this new team icon here and create
a team for your project.
Now in this course we're going to be creating a chef recipes app.
So I'm going to go ahead and name this team the chef team and if you don't want to start out paying
the $12 a month you can just start with this free starter program so I'll get started for free here.
And you can see here we have the chef team and now I can start my first project I'm going to call this
the chef recipe project.
And when you start this new project you can decide whether everybody on the team can edit view or if
you want to just choose who has access in the future.
So I'm going to allow everybody on the chef team to edit and now create this project here and now this
project is started.
We could create new files one for the iPhone app one for the Web site and one for marketing material.
So that's how projects work.
The first file that we're going to create in our project is the chef recipes app so we can name this
file by clicking on the text here.
We'll just name this Sheth underscore recipe app.
And now if we go back to the start page we can see that we have that file here inside of our projects
that is inside of the chef team.